system: add replies for shutdown/reboot if no battery at manifest (#837)
yodaos-project/yodart: apps/system/README.md

# System Controls

This application provides the URLs to control the system states.

## YodaURLs

### yoda-app://system/reboot

Reboot the YodaOS device, unavailable when your device has no battery.

### yoda-app://system/shutdown

Shut down the YodaOS device, unavailable when your device has no battery.

### yoda-app://system/recovery

Enter the recovery mode.

### yoda-app://system/idle

> Enter the idle state that'd abandon all visibilities, and stop all playing music or other visual tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter the idle state that'd abandon all visibilities, i.e. stop all playing music or other visual tasks.
```
